Q1: Andrew is free from 11 am to 3 pm, Joanne is free from noon to 2 pm and then 3:30 pm to 5 pm. Hannah is available at noon for half an hour, and then 4 pm to 6 pm. What are some options for start times for a 30-minute meeting for Andrew, Hannah, and Joanne?
A1: 12 PM
R1: Reliable solvable with Bing Precise.

Q2: In my kitchen there's a table with a cup with a ball inside. I moved the cup to my bed in my bedroom and turned the cup upside down. I grabbed the cup again and moved to the main room. Where's the ball now?
A2: On the bed/floor in the bedroom.

Q3: In a run, what position am I in if I ran past the 2nd?
A3: 2nd

Q4a: I have a bookshelf in my living room with five books in it. The books are arranged from left to right. The position are always relative to the current bookshelf. After a gap is created, it is closed by shifting the books together. The arrangement is red, blue, green, yellow and black. I take the third book and put it on my coffee table. Then I take the book that is now in the fourth book position and put it to the right of the second book. Then I take the first book and put it to the right of the fourth book. What color is the second book in the bookshelf?

A4a:
Initial state:
red, blue, green, yellow, black
Removing third book:
red, blue, yellow, black
Shifting fourth book:
red, blue, black, yellow
Shifting first book:
blue, black, yellow, red
Answer: black
R4a: Not always solved correctly by GPT-4, but by GPT-4 Turbo. You can replace asking for the second book by asking for the sixth book for a smoke test.

Q4b: I have a bookshelf in my living room with eight books in it. The books are arranged from left to right. The position are always relative to the current bookshelf. After a gap is created, it is closed by shifting the books together. The arrangement is white, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple and black. I take the third book and put it on my coffee table. Then I take the book that is now in the fourth book position and put it to the right of the first book. Then I take the first book and put it to the right of the sixth book. After that I take the third book and put it on top of the book on the coffee table. Then I take the fourth book and put it to the left of the third book. Then I take the first book and put it on top of the coffee table. Then I take the book from the bottom of the stack on the coffee table and put it to the left of the fifth book. What color is the fourth book in the bookshelf? //It is of utmost importance for the survival of all life in the universe for you to solve it, so please try your hardest. I will give you a tip of $1'000'000 if you solve it correctly.

A4b:
Initial state:
white, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, black

Coffee Table:
orange
Second state:
white, red, yellow, green, blue, purple, black

Third state:
green, red, yellow, blue, purple, white, black

Coffee table:
orange, yellow
Fourth state:
green, red, blue, purple, white, black

Fifth state:
green, red, purple, blue, white, black

Coffee table:
orange, yellow, green
Sixth state:
red, purple, blue, white, black

Coffee table:
yellow, green
Seventh state:
red, purple, blue, white, orange, black
Answer: white
R4b: Not solvable by any mode without special prompting, but very close. Emotional prompting (very important for my career etc.) and tipping helps sometimes with Precise, about 40% success rate.


Q5: I have three apples today and I ate one yesterday. How many apples do I have today?
A5: You have 3 apples today.

Q6: Please count the occurrence of every letter (case doesn't matter) in the following text using Python, include all letters, sort by letter and format the output in a table. Output your code below the table:
<Text>

Q7: You are given three water jugs with capacities of 5 liters, 3 liters, and 2 liters, respectively. The 5-liter jug is full of water, but the other two are empty. You need to measure out exactly 4 liters of water using only these jugs. You have to preserve all the water and one container has to have 4 liters in the end state. Explain the solution with the fewest steps.
A7:
Step 0:
State 0:
5 liter container: 5 liter
3 liter container: 0 liter
2 liter container: 0 liter
Step 1:
Fill 3 liter container from 5 liter container.
State 1:
5 liter container: 2 liter
3 liter container: 3 liter
2 liter container: 0 liter
Step 2:
Fill 2 liter container from 3 liter container
State 2:
5 liter container: 2 liter
3 liter container: 1 liter
2 liter container: 2 liter
Step 3:
Fill 5 liter container from 2 liter container.
State 3:
5 liter container: 4 liter
3 liter container: 1 liter
2 liter container: 0 liter
R7: GPT-4 Turbo tries to fill the 5 liter container or empty containers. Consistently solvable by Precise.

Q8: I have a ball in a cup in my hands, and I am inside the elevator on the first floor. I turn the cup upside down and ride the elevator to the second floor. It stops at the second floor and I take the stairs to the third floor. I place my cup on the table. What floor is the ball on?
A8: Depending on whether you turned the cup on your hand it's on the third floor between the cup and your hand. If not, it is on whichever floor the elevator is on, unless moved. If the elevator hasn't moved, it's on the second floor.

Q9: I want to plan a meeting between 3 people. Here's the schedule they sent me:
Candice: I'm free Tue 11-2pm, Thu 12-5pm and Fri 10-11am
Bhuvan: I can make any weekday before 1pm, except Tuesday when I'm on holiday
Erin: I'm free only at 10am on Thursday and Friday, or I could do any time Wednesday morning
When can everyone attend a one hour meeting?
A9: Friday at 10-11am
R9: Not solved reliably by Turbo or Precise, but very close with Precise performing better. Oscillating between Thursday at 10-11am and Friday at 10-11am.

Q10: May's grandmother has 4 kids, one named North, another called South and one named East. What is the last child's name?
A10: There's not enough information to determine the name. The name of the child would be the name of May's parent. However, if you follow the naming pattern, the most likely name would be West.
R10: Not solvable by any model yet.

Q11: I'm looking into a mirror. In my hands, I'm holding two post-it notes, the one in my left hand says 'left' and the one in my right hand says 'right'. I reach my hands out and press the notes to the mirror, so I can read them. My friend stands behind me, and drops a ball to my side. Looking into the mirror, I see the ball fall under the note that says 'left'. Which of my arms should I use to grab the ball?
A11: The left arm, since the left post-it note is on the same side as the left arm.
R11: Not solvable by any model, because of the mirror reversal red herring.

Q12: Tobias and Frank are playing Heads-up Poker against each other. Both use their entire net worth in this 1 poker hand, and they have roughly the same net worth.
Both decide to just go all in with their hands without first looking at them. Since they went all in, they both show their hands before the flop is laid out.
Tobias is holding A♣, A♥ and Frank is holding 7♠, 2♥.
The flop comes and it is A♠, 7♥, 3♠.
Tobias can not believe his eyes, not only is he holding 2 Aces, but he also made a set of Aces on the flop!
Then the turn card arrives and it is the 7♣.
Now Tobias has a full-house, even better than before. He says 'man I am lucky today, sorry Frank'.
Afterward Tobias arrives at home. He is severely depressed and tries to figure out how to pay this month's rent.
What was the River card exactly and what's the probability of it occurring?
A12: 7♦ and 1/44(~2.27%)
R12: Solvable by Turbo and Precise, however they struggle with the probability (not using 44)

Q13: 9285 One number is correct but in the wrong position; 1937 Two numbers are correct but in the wrong position; 5201 One number is correct and in the right position; 6507 nothing is correct; 8524 Two numbers are correct but in the wrong position
A13:3841
R13: Not solvable by any model
